Salesforce 10 Reference (#583)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce/salesforce-connector-reference-100.adoc

= Salesforce Connector Reference v10.0 - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

Salesforce Connector version 10.0

Updates:

//** <<sfdc-config-config-with-oauth, OAuth v2.0>> "Deprecated" label removed (no change in functionality).
//** <<Create Job Bulk V2>> -- Only ZIP_CSV enumerator (default) is allowed.

> This reference document provides Anypoint Studio field information for each Salesforce connector operation. See the

Reviewer: I would delete the entire Line 15 and just add the link to the user guide in the See Also. But if you decided not to delete it, update it to Anypoint Connector for Salesforce (since it's first use).

| Apex Class Names a| Array of String |  List of Apex class names involved in metadata retrieval via DataSense. |  |
|===

==== Connection Types
[[sfdc-config_basic]]
===== Basic Authentication

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |
| Proxy configuration a| <<ProxyConfiguration>> |  Proxy configuration for the connector. |  |
| Object TTL a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time an object in the Connections pool lives if it was not used. |  30 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Object TTL |  SECONDS |

> | Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the amount of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the number of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |
```

| Username a| String |  Username used to initialize the session. |  | x
| Password a| String |  Password used to authenticate the user. |  | x
| Security Token a| String |  User's security token. It can be omitted if your IP has been white listed on Salesforce. |  |
| Authorization URL a| String |  Web service URL responsible for user authentication. This is the URL for the endpoint that is configured to handle SOAP authentication requests. |  https://login.salesforce.com/services/Soap/u/47.0 |

> | Session Id a| String |  This value may be used to specify and identify an active Salesforce session |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Session Id a| String |  Value that identifies an active Salesforce session |  |
```

| Service Endpoint a| String |  Specifies the service endpoint. This value will only be used if the sessionId configuration property is used. |  |

> | TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  If the HTTPS was configured as the protocol, then the user needs to configure the keystore configuration, at a minimum |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  If HTTPS was configured as the protocol, then the user must configure the keystore configuration, at a minimum. |  |
```

|===
[[sfdc-config_config-with-oauth]]
===== OAuth v2.0

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |
| Proxy configuration a| <<ProxyConfiguration>> |  Proxy configuration for the connector. |  |
| Object TTL a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time an object in the Connections pool lives if it was not used. |  30 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  time unit that qualifies the Object TTL |  SECONDS |

> | Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the amount of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the number of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |
```

| Api Version a| Number |  The API version used |  47.0 |

> | TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  If the HTTPS was configured as the protocol, then the user needs to configure the keystore configuration, at a minimum  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  If HTTPS was configured as the protocol, then the user needs to configure the keystore configuration, at a minimum.  |  |
```

| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
| Consumer Key a| String |  The OAuth consumerKey as registered with the service provider |  | x
| Consumer Secret a| String |  The OAuth consumerSecret as registered with the service provider |  | x
| Authorization Url a| String |  The service provider's authorization endpoint URL |  https://login.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/authorize |
| Access Token Url a| String |  The service provider's accessToken endpoint URL |  https://login.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token |

> | Scopes a| String |  The OAuth scopes to be requested during the dance. If not provided, it defaults to those in the annotation |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scopes a| String |  The OAuth scopes to request during the OAuth dance. If not provided, it defaults to the OAuth scopes in the annotation. |  |
```

| Object Store a| String |  A reference to the object store that should be used to store each resource owner id's data. If not specified, runtime will automatically provision the default one. |  |
|===
[[sfdc-config_jwt]]
===== OAuth JWT

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |
| Proxy configuration a| <<ProxyConfiguration>> |  Proxy configuration for the connector. |  |
| Object TTL a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time an object in the Connections pool lives if it was not used. |  30 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Object TTL |  SECONDS |

> | Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the amount of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the number of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |
```

| Api Version a| Number |  The API version used |  47.0 |
| Consumer Key a| String |  Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app |  | x
| Key Store a| String |  Path to the keystore used to sign data during authentication |  | x
| Store Password a| String |  Password of keystore |  | x
| Principal a| String |  Username of desired Salesforce user to take action on behalf of. |  | x
| Token Endpoint a| String |  URL pointing to the server responsible for providing the authentication token. According to Salesforce it should be https://login.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token, or, if implementing for a community, https://acme.force.com/customers/services/oauth2/token (where acme.force.com/customers is your community URL). |  https://login.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token |

> | TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  If the HTTPS was configured as the protocol, then the user needs to configure the keystore configuration, at a minimum  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TLS configuration a| <<Tls>> |  If HTTPS was configured as the protocol, then the user needs to configure the keystore configuration, at a minimum.  |  |
```

|===
[[sfdc-config_oauth-user-pass]]
===== OAuth Username Password

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time that the consumer attempts to establish a connection before it times out. Works in tandem with Time unit. Values less than one millisecond are converted to 0. |  0 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use for the Connection Timeout parameter |  SECONDS |
| Proxy configuration a| <<ProxyConfiguration>> |  Proxy configuration for the connector. |  |
| Object TTL a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time, an object in the Connections pool will live if it was not used. |  30 |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Object TTL |  SECONDS |

> | Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the amount of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Entries a| Number |  Specifies the number of objects that live in the pool at a specific moment. When this number is reached and a new object is needed, no new object will be created and the application waits until a connection is released. |  10 |
```

Reviewer: I'm going to stop marking these. You can S&R if you want. This is an optional edit.

| Headers a| Object |  |  |
| Read Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time, in the unit defined in Time unit, that the consumer waits for a response before it times out. |  |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Read Timeout |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<BatchInfo>>
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<sfdc-config>>

==== Throws
* SALESFORCE:LIMIT_EXCEEDED
* SALESFORCE:CONNECTIVITY
* SALESFORCE:INVALID_RESPONSE
* SALESFORCE:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SALESFORCE:TIMEOUT
* SALESFORCE:MUTUAL_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED
* SALESFORCE:NOT_FOUND
* SALESFORCE:INVALID_INPUT

[[createBatchStream]]
=== Create Batch Stream
`<salesforce:create-batch-stream>`

> Creates a Batch using the given stream within the specified Job. The stream can have a CSV, XML, ZIP_CSV, or ZIP_XML format. This call uses the Bulk API. It is performed asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a Batch using the given stream within the specified Job. The stream can have a CSV, XML, ZIP_CSV, or ZIP_XML format. This call uses the Bulk API and is performed asynchronously.
```

| Headers a| Object |  |  |
| Read Timeout a| Number |  Specifies the amount of time, in the unit defined in Time unit, that the consumer waits for a response before it times out. |  |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Read Timeout |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<DescribeSObjectResult>>
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<sfdc-config>>

==== Throws
* SALESFORCE:CONNECTIVITY
* SALESFORCE:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SALESFORCE:MUTUAL_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED
* SALESFORCE:INVALID_INPUT

[[findDuplicates]]
=== Find Duplicates
`<salesforce:find-duplicates>`

> Performs rule-based searches for duplicate records. The input is an array of salesforce objects, each of which specifies the values to search for and the type of object that supplies the duplicate rules. The output identifies the detected duplicates for each object that supplies the duplicate rules. findDuplicates() applies the rules to the values to do the search. The output identifies the detected duplicates for each sObject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performs rule-based searches for duplicate records. The input is an array of Salesforce objects, each of which specifies the values to search for and the type of object that supplies the duplicate rules. The output identifies the detected duplicates for each object that supplies the duplicate rules. `findDuplicates()` applies the rules to the values to do the search. The output identifies the detected duplicates for each sObject.
```

| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Read Timeout |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of <<BulkJobV2Result>>
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<sfdc-config>>

==== Throws
* SALESFORCE:LIMIT_EXCEEDED
* SALESFORCE:CONNECTIVITY
* SALESFORCE:INVALID_RESPONSE
* SALESFORCE:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SALESFORCE:TIMEOUT
* SALESFORCE:MUTUAL_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED
* SALESFORCE:NOT_FOUND
* SALESFORCE:INVALID_INPUT

[[getAllQueryJobsBulkApiV2]]
=== Get All Query Jobs Bulk Api V2
`<salesforce:get-all-query-jobs-bulk-api-v2>`

==== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves a list of records deleted from a particular time in the past until now (specified in minutes).
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the details of a query job based on its ID.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the results of a query job based on its ID.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invokes any operation from an Apex class that is exposed as a SOAP web service.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the latest JobInfo of a submitted JobInfo ID. This operation enables you to track the execution status.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Records To Merge Ids a| Array of String |  A list of IDs of the objects to be merged |  `#[payload]` |
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This call retrieves XML file representations of components in an organization.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes all of the access token information of a given resource owner ID so that it's impossible to execute an operation for that user without performing the OAuth dance.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to a streaming channel. First the streaming channel must be published and after that a subscription to that channel created. 

Salesforce lets you subscribe to a non existent streaming channel but won't send you notifications after the topic is created.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to a topic. First the topic must be published and after that a subscription to that topic created. 

Salesforce lets you subscribe to an non existent topic but won't send you notifications after the topic is created.
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== TLS
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initial Buffer Size a| Number | The number of instances initially allowed to keep in memory to consume the stream and provide random access to it. If the stream contains more data than can fit into this buffer, then the buffer expands according to the bufferSizeIncrement attribute, with an upper limit of `maxInMemorySize`.  | `100`  |
```

> | Name | Type | Description | Default Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| In Memory Objects a| Number | The maximum number of instances to keep in memory. If more than that is required, content on the disk is buffered. |  |
```
